To the very wise, words of wisdom are like drops of water in the ocean

one time to walk in the sun of day, not only meet hidden under the benevolent mantle of night -> put the essence of fire, which makes it noon
essence of earth -> make the garden grow

Where the spruce's night and morning
Meet the oak's noon and dusk

The wizards created a display for young princes/noblemen, to reinterpret as a test of manhood, the legend of sir robin de vere

in the cloiister, there you descend into the underworld, (south), they send you to the trials of sir robin de vere (east) and something airy or so (plane of air?) in the north, these are
then the three trials that unlock, successivley, the way to the sage of air and there getting the essence of air
.. so he changed his name to Robyn Carals thus becoming our founder/first ancester...

He brandfished the Bandit Kings CLub in fron tof the people to prove he had slain him.

Je went into the mountains, solved the riddle of the door and found great treasure there

one, dead, points at night, one, alive, points at dawn
dig wgere the dead finger points to the noon tide shasdow

now we know how to navigate inside it,
the question is/becomes then how to leave the Tricksters domain
if it's like a dream, maybe waking up could do it?

The merchants ship sets you down and leaves you at the beach, where the former party had their camp.
 you spent a long time watching it fade into the distance, well after it has disapeared beyond the horizon...
 
 
 there's a huge storage of skeleton figurines, maybe behind where the guard respawns, when the button is pressed at the entrance to the castle of water,
 (difficult to get to), using these to resurrect the previous team (using the items that can be found in beach of beginning, beach dungeon and for eve in moist catacombs) just resurects mummies that groan and attack the party, seeing as how the doctor is just a mummie that auto heals the party, not much of the original self remains... maybe they can perform things that they did in life?
 
 Also roses grow in the herb garden, after placing the essence of earth, which can be used on the pedestal of roses special location, to replace the red gems on the pedestal and thus keep the door open. If the player always keeps at least one gem or one rose on the pedestal, the guardians don't spawn.